# Paired Challenges

_Coaching this? Read the coach guidance
[here.](https://github.com/makersacademy/slug/blob/main/materials/universe/distributed_applications/databases/python/paired_challenges/example_answers.x/HOW_TO_COACH.x.md)_

In Golden Square, you were introduced to pairing, an important and useful skill but, also, one that takes a long time to get good at. Getting good at it will make you a better team player and that will bring long term success.

So, let's get some more practice.

## Progress & Pairing

Your coaches will monitor your progress through the material and create pairs daily. Sometimes you'll be paired with people at a similar point and at others it will be more random, allowing you to work with a greater range of different people.

Pairs will be announced around lunch time each day in your cohort channel.

Contact your pair on Slack and work with them from 15:00 until 17:00 at the
*latest* on *one* of the Paired Challenges below - you should pick one challenge
you both haven't yet done, which works with where you have got to in the module.
Don't pick something too far ahead or you may find you'll have taken on a
challenge on something you've not yet learned about!

Don't work on more than one Paired Challenge a day - if you want to keep working
in your pair, either on some exercises in the curriculum or just learning things
together, that's also a great use of the rest of the paired time in an
afternoon.

## Not paired?

If you're not in a pair today, voluntarily or otherwise, don't worry! Just carry
on working through the module solo in the afternoon instead.

## List of the Web Applications Paired Challenges

Below is a list of the challenges - note that they are grouped according to your
progress through the module. Pick challenges that match your progress.

_Each of these challenges is marked with :hot_pepper: emojis to denote how
challenging they are. A single chilli :hot_pepper: is the most straightforward,
and five chillies :hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper:
would be very challenging._

* Phase One completed
  * 1. [Use Postman to Explore the JSON Placeholder API](use_postman.md) :hot_pepper::hot_pepper:
  * 2. [Diagram some routes](./diagram_some_routes.md) :hot_pepper::hot_pepper:

* Phase Two completed
  * 3. [Write some integration tests](./write_some_integration_tests.md) :hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper:

* Phase Three completed
  * 4. [Create an HTML page](./create_an_html_page.md) :hot_pepper:

* Phase Four completed
  * 5. [Test an HTML form](./test_an_html_form.md) :hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper:

* Phase Five completed
  * 6. [Apply a great debugging process](./apply_a_great_debugging_process.md) :hot_pepper::hot_pepper::hot_pepper:

### Exceptions

If you're paired up but don't have any challenge you've both yet to complete,
consider picking something only one of you has done, with the person who has
already done it in the _Driver_ role if it's a coding challenge.

If you're paired up but have both finished all the challenges, consider doing a
review of each other's planning and/or code, perhaps from one of the solo
projects at the end of the module. It'll be good practice to try giving feedback
on code that someone else wrote - be considerate though, and think about the
sorts of feedback you'd like to receive or would feel is valuable. Feel free to
reach out to your coach for tips and advice on giving code reviews.


<!-- BEGIN GENERATED SECTION DO NOT EDIT -->

---

**How was this resource?**  
[üò´](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=makersacademy%2Fweb-applications-in-python&prefill_File=paired_challenges%2FREADME.md&prefill_Sentiment=üò´) [üòï](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=makersacademy%2Fweb-applications-in-python&prefill_File=paired_challenges%2FREADME.md&prefill_Sentiment=üòï) [üòê](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=makersacademy%2Fweb-applications-in-python&prefill_File=paired_challenges%2FREADME.md&prefill_Sentiment=üòê) [üôÇ](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=makersacademy%2Fweb-applications-in-python&prefill_File=paired_challenges%2FREADME.md&prefill_Sentiment=üôÇ) [üòÄ](https://airtable.com/shrUJ3t7KLMqVRFKR?prefill_Repository=makersacademy%2Fweb-applications-in-python&prefill_File=paired_challenges%2FREADME.md&prefill_Sentiment=üòÄ)  
Click an emoji to tell us.

<!-- END GENERATED SECTION DO NOT EDIT -->
